# Falco Community Call

[More Information](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community)
[Zoom Link](https://zoom.us/my/cncffalcoproject)
[Recording](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgVVUpW8NIJAaZtszf1_nxB2y6mQrlY4s)

## 2023-05-31

### MC

- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)

### Who joined
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Dmitrii [erthalion](https://github.com/erthalion)
- Rohith Raju [Rohith](https://github.com/rohith-raju)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [@vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Teryl Taylor [@terylt](https://github.com/terylt)
- Fred Araujo [@araujof](https://github.com/araujof)
- Leonardo Grasso [leogr](https://github.com/leogr)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda

- Dmitrii: Commit squashing, again :)
    - Angelo: middle ground, merge commit?
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/issues/1119
- AWS Security Lake is GA today, with Falco/Falcosidekick as integration

## 2023-05-24

### MC

- Leonardo Grasso

### Who joined
- Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
- Leonardo Grasso [leogr](https://github.com/leogr)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [@vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Samuele Cappellin [@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele)
- Roberto Scolaro [@therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Nidhi Sharma [nidhisneh31](https://github.com/nidhisneh31)
- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Rohith Raju [Rohith](https://github.com/Rohith-Raju)
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Matteo Renzi [matteo-renzi](https://github.com/matteo-renzi)

### Weekly highlights

- Updates about Falco 0.35 release
    - falcosecurity/libs RC2 

### Agenda

- Matteo introducing himself
    - feedback: step-by-step guide for drivers
- [leogr] working on https://github.com/falcosecurity/evolution/issues/271

## 2023-05-17

### MC
Jacque Salinas

### Who joined
- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [@vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Roberto Scolaro [@therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
- Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
- Samuele Cappellin [@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Furkan Türkal [@Dentrax](https://github.com/Dentrax/falco-gpt)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda
- [fededp] Proposing as release manager for Falco 0.35
    - Federico/Andrea will be co-release managers and if you would like to shadow everyone is welcomed!  (Lorenzo Susini 1st shadow!)
- [jacque] Community feedback via [LinkedIn post](https://www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7062675268695453696)
- [jacque] Contributor of the month! Nominate your peeps!
- [jacque] Newsletter - anyone have content to share for this month? 
- [Furkan] Introducing [falco-gpt](https://github.com/Dentrax/falco-gpt)
- [Furkan] [Blog post idea](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/issues/950) for bringing more AI thing to Falco
    - Thomas to pair up with Furkan on the blog post. Comment on the issue if you have any questions/comments. 
- [Thomas] Plugin repo CI seems broken (arm64) [example](https://github.com/falcosecurity/plugins/actions/runs/5005275165/jobs/8969002410?pr=282) 
    - Federico to take a look and see if we can improve it.

## 2023-05-10

### MC
 - Jacque Salinas 
 
### Who joined
- Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
- Leonardo Grasso [leogr](https://github.com/leogr)
- Samuele Cappellin [@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele)
- Dmitrii Dolgov [erthalion](https://github.com/erthalion)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Rohith Raju [Rohith Raju](https://github.com/Rohith-Raju)
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda

- [jacque] [Falco maintainer track](https://youtu.be/z_iRCkp4Cp0)
- [Dmitrii] PRs management proposal for falcosecurity/libs: squash commits.
- [FedeDP] Libs 0.11 tag situation (no 0.11 + 0.12 tag; single 0.11 tag for Falco 0.35. Drivers 5.0.0+driver tag asap)
- [Ashutosh] looking for community members to share their pain points using Falco in production to help drive feature dev


## 2023-05-03

### MC

- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)

### Who joined

- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Nidhi Sharma [nidhisneh31](https://github.com/nidhisneh31)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Marut Pandya ([pandyamarut](https://github.com/pandyamarut))

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda

- GSOC timeline: it's turn of the CNCF to rank the participants and then of Google to choose the participants.
- Falco talks at Kubecon will be available on YT in 2 days
- Falco CI is still migrating to GitHub Actions, some parts may be broken, they are being fixed
- New release of libs 0.11 is close 

## 2023-04-26

### MC

- Jacque

### Who joined

- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Adao Oliveira [Junior](https://github.com/junior)
- Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras ([@vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras))
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Teryl Taylor ([@terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Michel Drenthe ([@mxdrenthe](https://github.com/mxdrenthe))
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Nidhi Sharma [nidhisneh31](https://github.com/nidhisneh31)

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda 
* Amazing turn out for the maintainer track! Big thank you to @melissa, @luca, @carlos, @hendriek 
* 666 registrants (onsite + online)
* loads of tech inquiries 
* recording will be available on CNCF youtube channel May 7
* Project meeting - too small, folks left b/c we exceeded capacity, loads of tech questions and end users also collaborated to answer the questions, new comers wanted to learn more about use cases
* Air gap environments were a popular topic and how to use Falco in air gap environments (how to manage the downloads) - use case we should follow up w/blog 
* kiosk - loads of new folks, live demos were a big hit, lots of folks were in the discovery stage, they have specific use cases and follow up questions, folks who wanted to understand what is the latest in Falco, traffic from the Defensive Prometheus session
* increase in traffic in the project pavillion - open source curiosity 
* next kubecon - we need more volunteers from the community
* audience - jr attendee, better location of the project pavillion

## 2023-04-12

### MC

- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)

### Who joined

- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Adao Oliveira [Junior](https://github.com/junior)
- Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda 

- [LucaGuerra] Driver loader image
    - Recognized vulnerabilities
    - Ideas to upgrade that image, packages (like gcc). It could potentially break current installation processes
    - Request for ideas, feedback. Let's start the thinking process.
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2489
- Falco Community Call will be canceled on Kubecon Week (next week)

## 2023-04-05

### MC
Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)

### Who joined

- Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Mike Coleman [mikegcoleman](https://github.com/mikegcoleman)
- Massimiliano Giovagnoli [maxgio92](https://github.com/maxgio92)
- Marut Pandya [pandyamarut](https://github.com/pandyamarut)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Thomas Labarussias [@Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
- Rakshit Awasthi [0xSh4dy](https://github.com/0xSh4dy)
- Rohith Raju [Rohith-Raju](https://github.com/Rohith-Raju)
- Adao Oliveira [Junior](https://github.com/junior)

### Weekly highlights

- New Falco website !!!!!
    - share your feedback with @Issif or @Jacque in the Slack channel (DMs are fine), we'll consolidate them https://falco.org

### Agenda 

- [molter73] OpenSSL 1.1.1 is reaching EOL in September
    - https://www.openssl.org/blog/blog/2023/03/28/1.1.1-EOL/
    - We want to target Falco 0.36.0
    - [molter73] we'll start with an issue for libs
- [fededp] Proposing a libs 0.11.0 release
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/milestones
    - [LucaG, fededp] to confirm what should get into 0.11.0 and what would go in 0.12.0 and propose to all libs maintainers
- [jacque] kubecon eu - Amsterdam here we come!
    - We need some volunteers for the kiosk: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1cXdpu8CwO-o7UoI_9fzBy_o7vRrjJigWKMBGrNDxHXQ/edit?usp=sharing 
    - Falco Project Meeting
        * Tuesday, April 18 | 10:30 - 12:30 CEST
        * Room D304, Congress Center
        * Add to your agenda: https://sched.co/1JWQy
    * Up & Running with Runtime Security Workshop
        * Tuesday, April 18 | 15:00 - 17:00 CEST
        * Heineken Experience
        * Register here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/up-running-with-runtime-security-workshop-tickets-591851683317
    * Sip ‘n’ Security, Community Party
        * Tuesday, April 18 | 18:00 - 21:00 CEST
        * Heineken Experience
        * Register here: https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sip-n-security-tickets-588579536237
    * No Fear, Falco is Looking After Us!
        * Wednesday, April 19 | 16:30 - 17:05 CEST
        * Room D304, Congress Center
        * Add to your agenda: https://sched.co/1HyTj
    - Falco Community Call will be canceled on Kubecon Week
    - CloudDefense.AI Rules PR
        - [Rakshit] Guidance on getting the PR merged
        - [Anshu] Working session to demostrate the capabilities of the new rules against specific attacks in the MITRE framework
        - [Issif] It would be great to do a live recorded session to make it easier for people to view it

## 2023-03-29

### MC
* Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)

### Who joined

- Fred Araujo ([@araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Leonardo Grasso ([@leogr](https://github.com/leogr))
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Teryl Taylor ([@terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
- Michele Zuccala ([@zuc](https://github.com/zuc))
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)


### Weekly highlights

### Agenda
* [jacque] Kubecon eu planning 
    * project update video 
        * [script](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1J7i_64u_Pu5Cjh-SgJ_8EHajKgoTLf2v3g7ow5jeu5k/edit?usp=sharing)
        * [slide](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GZQw8FhYcdqoSVhRGyztowiGGe6kYqh7_MmEynq80Ik/edit?usp=sharing)
    * project meeting - need headcount of core maintainers who would like to participate
    * project kiosk - need staffing volunteers
    * maintainer track - don't forget to attend
* Falco Project Meeting - https://sched.co/1JWQy 
    * Tuesday, April 18 | 10:30 - 12:30 CEST
    * Room D304, Congress Center
* Up & Running with Runtime Security Workshop - https://www.eventbrite.com/e/up-running-with-runtime-security-workshop-tickets-591851683317 
    * Tuesday, April 18 | 15:00 - 17:00 CEST
    * Heineken Experience 
* Sip ‘n’ Security, Community Party - https://www.eventbrite.com/e/sip-n-security-tickets-588579536237
    * Tuesday, April 18 | 18:00 - 21:00 CEST
    * Heineken Experience
* No Fear, Falco is Looking After Us! - https://sched.co/1HyTj 
    * Wednesday, April 19 | 16:30 - 17:05 CEST
    * Room D304, Congress Center 


- [leogr] Falco Roadmap proposal (still a draft)
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/evolution/issues/259#issuecomment-1480040846
    - Deadline for feedback: TBD
    - next step: schedule core mantainers call (aiming before KC EU '23)
    - P
- [aizhamal] New falco.org expected launch date: April 3rd
    - Please review and give feedback on the PR: https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/837
    - https://deploy-preview-837--falcosecurity.netlify.app/ 

### Who joined
## 2023-03-22

### MC
Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)

### Who joined

1. - Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
1. - Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
1. - Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
1. - Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
1. - Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
1. - Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
1. - Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
1. - Rachid Zarouali [xinity](https://github.com/xinity)
1. - Teryl Taylor ([@terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
1. - David Windsor ([@dub](https://github.com/dwindsor))
1. - Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
1. - Nidhi Sharma [nidhisneh31](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
1. - Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
1. - Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
1. - Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
1. - Sumit Bindal [sumitb](https://github.com/sumitb)
1. - Adao Oliveira Junior ([junior](https://github.com/junior))
1. - Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda
* [jacque] Falco at Kubecon EU planning 
    * Project update video for keynote
        * **ACTION: feedback on outline**
        * need 1 core maintainer to volunteer to present the update
        * **Deadline to submit is March 31st**
        * Jacque submitted interest form but needs core maintainer to move forward
        * feedback + sign up to volunteer 👉🏼: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/181 
    * Kiosk demo video(s)
        * We would like to create 2 short demos of Falco to pre-record and play at the kiosk
        * **ACTION: we need volunteers to sign up here:** https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/187
        * **Deadline to sign up is March 24th**
        * **Deadline for final video is April 7th**
    * Project meeting
        *  ACTION: feedback on agenda & sign up to volunteer
        *  Sign up to volunteer: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/183
        * **Deadline to sign up is March 24th**
        * **Deadline for final prezi is April 7th**
        * Review and feedback week of April 10 - 14
    * Falco kiosk
        * **ACTION: need volunteers to staff, live demo Falco, volunteer for lightining talk, or office hours**
        * Sign up here: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/182
    * Falco swag requested to ship today
        * Stickers, t-shirts, hoodies, bottles, and socks
* [jacque] Community survey is closed
    * Blog and analysis blog to come in April
* [jacque] Nominate + vote on your fav contributor of the month: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/164
* [jacque] March Falco newsletter: share your content https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/184
* [jacque] More community recognition - intro to community appreciation program
    * https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/blob/main/community-appreciation-program.md 
* [happy-dude] How to investigate wrong timestamp issue further? https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/issues/932
* [LucaG] Security Audit blogs and documents
    * https://falco.org/blog/falco-security-audit-2023/
    * https://blog.quarkslab.com/audit-of-falco-the-open-source-cloud-native-runtime-security.html
    * https://ostif.org/our-review-of-falco-is-complete/
    * https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/blob/master/audits/SECURITY_AUDIT_2023_01_23-01-1097-LIV.pdf

## 2023-03-15

### MC

- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)

### Who joined

1. Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
1. Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
1. Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
1. Melissa Kilby [incertum](https://github.com/incertum)
1. Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
1. Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
1. Sumit Bindal [sumitb](https://github.com/sumitb)
1. Thomas Labarussias [Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
1. Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
1. Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
1. Teryl Taylor ([@terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
1. Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
1. Leonardo Grasso [leogr](https://github.com/leogr)
1. Adao Oliveira Junior ([junior](https://github.com/junior))
1. Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
1. Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
1. Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
1. Marut Pandya [pandyamarut](https://github.com/pandyamarut)
1. Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
1. Rachid Zarouali [xinity](https://github.com/xinity)

### Weekly highlights


### Agenda
* [jacque] kubecon eu planning 
    * 30sec update video about Falco - will be played in project update section.
        * Ask - volunteers to put together key messages.
        * https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/181
    * kiosk 
        * Jacque will share proposed schedule for the kiosk and sign up sheet for community members to help out at the kiosk with lightening talks, demos, etc.
        * https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/182
    * project mtg proposal 
        * 2hrs on the 18th for the project at 10:30 - 12:30
        * Educate new comers about Falco
        * Discussion around project roadmap
        * AMA with the maintainers
        * https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/183
    * maintainer track
        * Jacque will start the social media promotion
        * Maintainers are working on the outline for the track
        * Jacque to share the schedule for KubeCon in the Community repo
    * review the social cards: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/180
* [Marut] 
    * falco rules contribution 
        * Define criteria for upstream rule contributions
* [jacque] nominations are open for contributor of the month https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/164
* [jasondellaluce] Google Summer of Code Falco project idea:
    * https://github.com/cncf/mentoring/pull/882
    * https://github.com/falcosecurity/evolution/issues/262
* [aizhamal] falco.org preview (still work in progress)
    * https://falco-staging.netlify.app/about/falco/
* [incertum] Discuss syscall selection details etc
    * https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2443
    * https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2441

## 2023-03-08

### MC

- Teryl Taylor

### Who joined

1. - Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
1. - Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
1. - Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
1. - Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
1. - Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
1. - Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
1. - Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
1. - Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
1. - Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
1. - Leonardo Grasso [leogr](https://github.com/leogr)

### Weekly highlights

- 

### Agenda

- [@jasondellaluce] We need help writing Falco test scenarios!
    - Tracker: https://github.com/falcosecurity/testing/issues/7
    - Only requirement is basic experience with Go
- [@molter73] Running the libs e2e tests locally
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/libs/pull/941
- [jacque] blog documentation - how to contribute
- [aizhamal]Falco website changes are happening on a separate branch. We are rebasing the branch against master and will merge once all changes are in. ETA end of March.
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/836
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/843
    - https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/844
- [leogr] Project updates
    - We will create a Github Project very soon to give more visibility to the Falco roadmap
    - Maintainers want to meet monthly

## 2023-03-01

### MC

- Jacque 

### Who joined

1. - Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
1. - Thomas Labarussias [Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
1. - Stanley Chan [happy-dude](https://github.com/happy-dude)
1. - Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
1. - Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
1. - David Windsor [dub](https://github.com/dwindsor)
1. - Luca Guerra [LucaGuerra](https://github.com/LucaGuerra)
1. - Jason Dellaluce [jasondellaluce](https://github.com/jasondellaluce)
1. - Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com/alacuku)
1. - Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
1. - Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
1. - Federico Di Pierro [fededp](https://github.com/FedeDP)
1. - Eli Schilling [enschilling](https://github.com/enschilling)

### Weekly highlights

### Agenda

- [jacque] january + february contributors of the month. Congrats to Logan, Melissa, and David! 
- [jacque] Contributor of the month nominations for March are open 👉🏼 [submit here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/164)
- [jacque] Survey reminder - please remember to [submit](https://survey.typeform.com/to/JseepIQh) your answers for swag! 👉🏼 🍾 👕
- [jacque] graduation prep - need quotes from end users + maintainers. This is the [template](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1e4Bux0GLcMznEo1ULRDq1ZGo2lYD95JlZohb6BLS0jQ/edit?usp=sharing) we need to complete, align w/the CNCF on the announcement date (once we know more) and community video
- [jacque] Kubecon EU - who is attending? I need some help with the project meeting coordination, kiosk staffing
- [jacque] first v of the newsletter is out - feedback is welcomed! https://lists.cncf.io/g/cncf-falco-dev/message/450 
- re: newsletter — perhaps possible to incorporated as a repo? updates made to the repo are published as a webpage/email/slack, etc.
- [thomas] Falco website revamp:
    - [Umbrella issue](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/issues/826)
    - [PR to follow the preview](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/pull/837)
    - ETA: End of March
- [happy-dude] Melissa K's feature proposal https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco/issues/2433 - possible perf improvements


## 2023-02-22

### MC

- Jacque Salinas jsalinas29

### Who joined

- Jacque Salinas [jsalinas29](https://github.com/jsalinas29)
- Angelo Puglisi [deepskyblue86](https://github.com/deepskyblue86)
- Roberto Scolaro [therealbobo](https://github.com/therealbobo)
- Mauro Moltrasio [molter73](https://github.com/Molter73)
- Vicente J. Jiménez Miras [vjjmiras](https://github.com/vjjmiras)
- Lorenzo Susini [@loresuso](https://github.com/loresuso)
- Andrea Terzolo ([Andreagit97](https://github.com/Andreagit97))
- Fred Araujo ([@araujof](https://github.com/araujof))
- Teryl Taylor ([@terylt](https://github.com/terylt))
- Aldo Lacuku[alacuku](https://github.com)
- Thomas Labarussias [Issif](https://github.com/Issif)
- Samuele Cappellin ([@cappellinsamuele](https://github.com/cappellinsamuele))
- Aizhamal Nurmamat kyzy [aijamalnk](https://github.com/aijamalnk)
- Marut Pandya[pandyamarut](https://github.com/pandyamarut)
- Adao Oliveira Junior ([junior](https://github.com/junior))
- Sumit Bindal ([sumitb](https://github.com/sumitb))

### Weekly highlights

- [alacuku] The patch release (0.34.1) is out.
    - release on Monday, Feb. 20 w/no issues
    - fixes + clean up regarding memory mgmt in the Libs
    - http_output not working as expected when the remote endpoint was using the HTTPS protocol
    - read the blog: https://falco.org/blog/falco-0-34-1/

### Agenda

- [jacque] [community survey](https://survey.typeform.com/to/JseepIQh)
    - 6 responses in and only takes 5:30 mins to complete
    - swag bundle for completing the survey: water bottle + t-shirt 
    - submit your survey! closes March 18th and results will be published on April 17th
- [jacque] graduation planning 
    - i want to create a video & need 3 maintainers + adopters to record themselves for 15 - 20 seconds 
    - other assets: blog, press release, swag, other suggestions (?)
    - putting a pin on this until we know more about our status
    - getting close to finishing the due diligence process (maybe we will know by early March or mid-March)
    - support the CNCF will give the project is press release and blog (coordinating media pitching)
    - let's drop in the falco slack channel to invite the community to help contribute
- [jacque] contributor of the month for Jan + Feb
    - I want to announce on the last day of the month
    - submit your nominations: [Jan nomination](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/175) and [Feb nomination](https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/issues/174)
- [dmitrii] Modern probes, feature discovery
    - relax the requirement for linux 5.8, for systems with backported features
- [thomas] POC [Rules Explorer](http://thomas.labarussias.fr/falco-rules-explorer/) 
- [aiz] falco.org upcoming content changes
    - Adding "About Falco" page and [proposed design](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/issues/817) is in the comments 
    - Adding "FAQ" page with most frequently asked questions from Slack and mailing list. [Proposed design](https://github.com/falcosecurity/falco-website/issues/821) is in the comments. Content is placeholder text, but PR will contain the correct text :) 

Falco 0.34.0 meeting notes archived: https://github.com/falcosecurity/community/pull/176
